Documentation/FightingStyles.md, before:

# 1. - Archery [SOL]

You gain a +2 bonus to attack rolls with ranged weapons.

# 2. - *Blind Fighting* © [UB]

You have blind sight with a range of 10 ft. Within that range, you can effectively see anything that isn't behind total cover, even if you're blinded or in darkness. Moreover, you can see an invisible creature within that range, unless the creature successfully hides from you.

# 3. - Classical Swordplay [UB]

While wielding a melee one-handed or versatile weapon and no other weapon or shield, you gain a +1 bonus to your attack rolls with the weapon and a +1 to your Armor Class.

# 4. - Crippling [UB]

Upon hitting with a melee attack, you can reduce the speed of your opponents by 10 ft and reduce their armor class by 1 until the end of your next turn.

# 5. - Defense [SOL]

While you are wearing armor, you gain a +1 bonus to AC.

# 6. - Dueling [SOL]

When you are wielding a melee weapon in one hand and no other weapons, you gain a +2 bonus to damage rolls with that weapon.

# 7. - Executioner [UB]

You add your proficiency bonus to damage against creatures that are blinded, frightened, restrained, incapacitated, paralyzed, prone or stunned.

# 8. - Great Weapon Fighting [SOL]

When you roll a 1 or 2 on a damage die for an attack you make with a melee weapon that you are wielding with two hands, you can reroll the die. You must use the new roll, even if it is a 1 or a 2. The weapon must have the two-handed or versatile property for you to gain this benefit.

# 9. - *Interception* © [UB]

When a creature you can see hits a target, other than you, within 5 feet of you with an attack, you can use your reaction to reduce the damage the target takes by 1d10 + your proficiency bonus. You must wield a shield or a simple or martial weapon to use this reaction.

# 10. - Lunger [UB]

While wielding only one melee weapon without the heavy tag and a free offhand, that weapon's range increases by 5 ft.

# 11. - Merciless [UB]

When you reduce a target to 0 HP using a melee weapon attack on your turn, enemies within a radius of the downed target equal to half of your proficiency bonus (rounded up) who can see the target must make a Wisdom save (DC 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Strength modifier) or become frightened of you until the end of your next turn. If the triggering attack is a critical hit, the radius is instead equal to your proficiency bonus.

# 12. - Protection [SOL]

When a creature you can see attacks a target other than you that is within one cell of you, you can use your reaction to impose disadvantage on the attack roll. You must be wielding a shield.

# 13. - Pugilist [UB]

Your unarmed strikes deal an additional 1d4 bludgeoning damage, and you can punch with your offhand as a bonus action. You can shove as a bonus action if you have free hand.

# 14. - Rope it Up [UB]

Your thrown strikes get +1 to attack and damage rolls, you increase both it's long and short range by 10 feet, and it returns to your hand immediately after it is used to make a thrown attack.

# 15. - Shield Expert [UB]

You have trained in the use of a shield as a weapon. It becomes a melee weapon that you are proficient with that deals 1d4 bludgeoning damage. You gain advantage on shove attempts while wielding a shield.

# 16. - *Superior Technique* © [UB]

You have martial training that allows you to perform special combat techniques called maneuvers:
• You learn one maneuver of your choice from the Battle Master subclass. The Maneuver DC of these maneuvers is 8 + proficiency bonus + Strength or Dexterity modifier, whichever is higher.
• You gain 1 Superiority Die. The die is a d6, and it doesn't increase in size if you are not a Battle Master. This die is used to fuel your maneuvers. It is expended when you use it, and is regained when you finish a short or long rest.

# 17. - Torchbearer [UB]

You are skilled in the use of a torch in battle. Once per turn, as a bonus action, you may elect to use a light source you have equipped to attempt to set an enemy you can touch on fire. Your target must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw (DC 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Dexterity modifier) or take 1d4 fire damage per turn for 1 minute or until extinguished.

# 18. - Two Weapon Fighting [SOL]

When you engage in two-weapon fighting, you can add your ability modifier to the damage of the second attack.

Commit message:

review feats and fighting styles
- convert Astral Reach feat to fighting style and remove +1 to WIS / opportunity attacks
- convert Merciless fighting style to feat
- convert Shield Expert fighting style to Shield Bash feat
- convert Rope it Up to Thrown Weapons Master feat, increase short by 10 ft, long by 20 ft, remove +1 to hit / +1 to damage
- demote Hammer the Point, Improved Critical, Monastic Shield Training, and Superior Critical feats
- remove -1 AC Debuff from Crippling
- remove +1 to damage from Bow Mastery and Crossbow Mastery

Documentation/FightingStyles.md, after:

# 1. - Archery [SOL]

You gain a +2 bonus to attack rolls with ranged weapons.

# 2. - Astral Reach [UB]

Your Unarmed Strike reach increases by 5 ft.

# 3. - *Blind Fighting* © [UB]

You have blind sight with a range of 10 ft. Within that range, you can effectively see anything that isn't behind total cover, even if you're blinded or in darkness. Moreover, you can see an invisible creature within that range, unless the creature successfully hides from you.

# 4. - Classical Swordplay [UB]

While wielding a melee one-handed or versatile weapon and no other weapon or shield, you gain a +1 bonus to your attack rolls with the weapon and a +1 to your Armor Class.

# 5. - Crippling [UB]

Upon hitting with a melee attack, you can reduce the speed of your opponents by 10 ft until the end of your next turn.

# 6. - Defense [SOL]

While you are wearing armor, you gain a +1 bonus to AC.

# 7. - Dueling [SOL]

When you are wielding a melee weapon in one hand and no other weapons, you gain a +2 bonus to damage rolls with that weapon.

# 8. - Executioner [UB]

You add your proficiency bonus to damage against creatures that are blinded, frightened, restrained, incapacitated, paralyzed, prone or stunned.

# 9. - Great Weapon Fighting [SOL]

When you roll a 1 or 2 on a damage die for an attack you make with a melee weapon that you are wielding with two hands, you can reroll the die. You must use the new roll, even if it is a 1 or a 2. The weapon must have the two-handed or versatile property for you to gain this benefit.

# 10. - *Interception* © [UB]

When a creature you can see hits a target, other than you, within 5 feet of you with an attack, you can use your reaction to reduce the damage the target takes by 1d10 + your proficiency bonus. You must wield a shield or a simple or martial weapon to use this reaction.

# 11. - Lunger [UB]

Your melee weapon reach increases by 5 ft while wielding a weapon without the heavy tag and a free offhand.

# 12. - Protection [SOL]

When a creature you can see attacks a target other than you that is within one cell of you, you can use your reaction to impose disadvantage on the attack roll. You must be wielding a shield.

# 13. - Pugilist [UB]

Your unarmed strikes deal an additional 1d4 bludgeoning damage, and you can punch with your offhand as a bonus action. You can shove as a bonus action if you have free hand.

# 14. - *Superior Technique* © [UB]

You have martial training that allows you to perform special combat techniques called maneuvers:
• You learn one maneuver of your choice from the Battle Master subclass. The Maneuver DC of these maneuvers is 8 + proficiency bonus + Strength or Dexterity modifier, whichever is higher.
• You gain 1 Superiority Die. The die is a d6, and it doesn't increase in size if you are not a Battle Master. This die is used to fuel your maneuvers. It is expended when you use it, and is regained when you finish a short or long rest.

# 15. - Torchbearer [UB]

You are skilled in the use of a torch in battle. Once per turn, as a bonus action, you may elect to use a light source you have equipped to attempt to set an enemy you can touch on fire. Your target must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw (DC 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Dexterity modifier) or take 1d4 fire damage per turn for 1 minute or until extinguished.

# 16. - Two Weapon Fighting [SOL]

When you engage in two-weapon fighting, you can add your ability modifier to the damage of the second attack.
