Documentation/Metamagic.md, before:

# 1. - Careful Spell [SOL]

Allied creatures affected by the spell automatically succeed their saving throw

# 2. - Distant Spell [SOL]

Doubles the range of a spell or change the range of a touch spell to 30 feet

# 3. - Empowered Spell [SOL]

All damage dice rolls of 1 or 2 are rerolled, keeping the new result

# 4. - Extended Spell [SOL]

Doubles the duration of spell lasting 1 minute or more, to a maximum of 24 hours

# 5. - Focused Spell [UB]

When you cast a spell that requires concentration, you may spend 1 sorcery point to gain advantage on all Constitution saving throws you make to maintain concentration on it.

# 6. - Heightened Spell [SOL]

Can force a creature to roll the saving throw with disadvantage

# 7. - Powerful Spell [UB]

You can spend 1 sorcery point per spell level to increase the number of damage dice by 1.

# 8. - Quickened Spell [SOL]

Can cast a main action spell with a bonus action instead, though you can't cast another spell during the same turn, except for cantrips.

# 9. - Shared Spell [UB]

When you cast a spell targeting yourself you can spend 1 sorcery point to instead affect an ally within 30 ft. Or you can spend 3 sorcery points to affect both yourself and ally in 30ft.

# 10. - Subtle Spell [SOL]

When you cast a spell, you can spend 1 sorcery point to cast it without any somatic or verbal components. This is useful to avoid a counterspell from a hostile spellcaster.

# 11. - Twinned Spell [SOL]

If the source spell targets one creature only, this adds another target

# 12. - Widened Spell [UB]

You can spend 2 sorcery points to increase the area of a spell's effect. Spells that have a cone, cube, cylinder or sphere area of effect increase in dimension, to the nearest 5-foot increment.

Commit message:

add WIP Seeking and Transmuted metamagic

Documentation/Metamagic.md, after:

# 1. - Careful Spell [SOL]

Allied creatures affected by the spell automatically succeed their saving throw

# 2. - Distant Spell [SOL]

Doubles the range of a spell or change the range of a touch spell to 30 feet

# 3. - Empowered Spell [SOL]

All damage dice rolls of 1 or 2 are rerolled, keeping the new result

# 4. - Extended Spell [SOL]

Doubles the duration of spell lasting 1 minute or more, to a maximum of 24 hours

# 5. - Focused Spell [UB]

When you cast a spell that requires concentration, you may spend 1 sorcery point to gain advantage on all Constitution saving throws you make to maintain concentration on it.

# 6. - Heightened Spell [SOL]

Can force a creature to roll the saving throw with disadvantage

# 7. - Powerful Spell [UB]

You can spend 1 sorcery point per spell level to increase the number of damage dice by 1.

# 8. - Quickened Spell [SOL]

Can cast a main action spell with a bonus action instead, though you can't cast another spell during the same turn, except for cantrips.

# 9. - *Seeking Spell* © [UB]

If you make an attack roll for a spell and miss, you can spend 2 sorcerer points to reroll the d20, and you must use the new roll. You can use Seeking Spell even if you have already used a different Metamagic option during the casting of the spell.

# 10. - Shared Spell [UB]

When you cast a spell targeting yourself you can spend 1 sorcery point to instead affect an ally within 30 ft. Or you can spend 3 sorcery points to affect both yourself and ally in 30ft.

# 11. - Subtle Spell [SOL]

When you cast a spell, you can spend 1 sorcery point to cast it without any somatic or verbal components. This is useful to avoid a counterspell from a hostile spellcaster.

# 12. - *Transmuted Spell* © [UB]

When you cast a spell that deals a type of damage from the following list, you can spend 1 sorcery point to change that damage type to one of the other listed types: acid, cold, fire, lightning, poison, thunder.

# 13. - Twinned Spell [SOL]

If the source spell targets one creature only, this adds another target

# 14. - Widened Spell [UB]

You can spend 2 sorcery points to increase the area of a spell's effect. Spells that have a cone, cube, cylinder or sphere area of effect increase in dimension, to the nearest 5-foot increment.
