Documentation/UnfinishedBusinessFightingStyles.md, before:

# 1. - Blind Fighting

You have blind sight with a range of 10 ft. Within that range, you can effectively see anything that isn't behind total cover, even if you're blinded or in darkness. Moreover, you can see an invisible creature within that range, unless the creature successfully hides from you.

# 2. - Classical Swordplay

While wielding a melee one-handed or versatile weapon and no other weapon or shield, you gain a +1 bonus to your attack rolls with the weapon and a +1 to your Armor Class.

# 3. - Crippling

Upon hitting with a melee attack, you can reduce the speed of your opponents by 10 ft and reduce their armor class by 1 for 2 turns.

# 4. - Executioner

You add your proficiency bonus to damage against creatures that are blinded, frightened, restrained, incapacitated, paralyzed, prone or stunned.

# 5. - Lunger

While wielding only one melee weapon without the heavy tag and a free offhand, that weapon's range increases by 5 ft.

# 6. - Merciless

When you reduce a target to 0 HP using a melee weapon attack on your turn, enemies within a radius of the downed target equal to half of your proficiency bonus (rounded up) who can see the target must make a Wisdom save (DC 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Strength modifier) or become frightened of you until the end of your next turn. If the triggering attack is a critical hit, the radius is instead equal to your proficiency bonus.

# 7. - Monastic Shield Training

You gain Shield proficiency, and they don't stop you from making unarmed attacks with that hand. In addition, all your monk abilities work even when wielding a Shield.

# 8. - Overwatch

You have mastered techniques to take advantage of every drop in any enemy's guard:
• When you hit a creature with an opportunity attack, the creature's speed becomes 0 for the rest of the turn.
• Creatures provoke opportunity attacks from you even if they take the Disengage action before leaving your reach.
• You can use your reaction to make a melee weapon attack against the attacking creature when a creature makes an attack against a target other than you.

# 9. - Polearm Expert

Your expert training with a polearm grants you these benefits:
• When you take the Attack action and attack with only a polearm weapon, you can use a bonus action to make a melee attack with the opposite end of the weapon. This attack uses the same ability modifier as the primary attack and deals 1d4 bludgeoning damage.
• Other creatures provoke an opportunity attack from you when they enter the reach you have with wielding a polearm weapon.

# 10. - Pugilist

Your unarmed strikes deal an additional 1d4 bludgeoning damage and you can punch with your offhand as a bonus action. You can shove as a bonus action if you have free hand.

# 11. - Rope it Up

Your thrown strikes get +1 to attack and damage rolls, you increase both it's long and short range by 10 feet and it returns to your hand immediately after it is used to make a thrown attack.

# 12. - Shield Expert

You have trained in the use of a shield as a weapon. It becomes a melee weapon that you are proficient with that deals 1d4 bludgeoning damage. You gain advantage on shove attempts while wielding a shield.

# 13. - Torchbearer

You are skilled in the use of a torch in battle. Once per turn, as a bonus action, you may elect to use a light source you have equipped to attempt to set an enemy you can touch on fire. Your target must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw (DC 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Dexterity modifier) or take 1d4 fire damage per turn for 3 turns or until extinguished.

# 14. - Warden

When a creature you can see hits a target, other than you, within 5 feet of you with an attack, you can use your reaction to reduce the damage the target takes by 1d10 + your proficiency bonus. You must wield a shield or a simple or martial weapon to use this reaction.

Commit message:

add Remarkable Technique fighting style

Documentation/UnfinishedBusinessFightingStyles.md, after:

# 1. - Blind Fighting

You have blind sight with a range of 10 ft. Within that range, you can effectively see anything that isn't behind total cover, even if you're blinded or in darkness. Moreover, you can see an invisible creature within that range, unless the creature successfully hides from you.

# 2. - Classical Swordplay

While wielding a melee one-handed or versatile weapon and no other weapon or shield, you gain a +1 bonus to your attack rolls with the weapon and a +1 to your Armor Class.

# 3. - Crippling

Upon hitting with a melee attack, you can reduce the speed of your opponents by 10 ft and reduce their armor class by 1 for 2 turns.

# 4. - Executioner

You add your proficiency bonus to damage against creatures that are blinded, frightened, restrained, incapacitated, paralyzed, prone or stunned.

# 5. - Lunger

While wielding only one melee weapon without the heavy tag and a free offhand, that weapon's range increases by 5 ft.

# 6. - Merciless

When you reduce a target to 0 HP using a melee weapon attack on your turn, enemies within a radius of the downed target equal to half of your proficiency bonus (rounded up) who can see the target must make a Wisdom save (DC 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Strength modifier) or become frightened of you until the end of your next turn. If the triggering attack is a critical hit, the radius is instead equal to your proficiency bonus.

# 7. - Monastic Shield Training

You gain Shield proficiency, and they don't stop you from making unarmed attacks with that hand. In addition, all your monk abilities work even when wielding a Shield.

# 8. - Overwatch

You have mastered techniques to take advantage of every drop in any enemy's guard:
• When you hit a creature with an opportunity attack, the creature's speed becomes 0 for the rest of the turn.
• Creatures provoke opportunity attacks from you even if they take the Disengage action before leaving your reach.
• You can use your reaction to make a melee weapon attack against the attacking creature when a creature makes an attack against a target other than you.

# 9. - Polearm Expert

Your expert training with a polearm grants you these benefits:
• When you take the Attack action and attack with only a polearm weapon, you can use a bonus action to make a melee attack with the opposite end of the weapon. This attack uses the same ability modifier as the primary attack and deals 1d4 bludgeoning damage.
• Other creatures provoke an opportunity attack from you when they enter the reach you have with wielding a polearm weapon.

# 10. - Pugilist

Your unarmed strikes deal an additional 1d4 bludgeoning damage and you can punch with your offhand as a bonus action. You can shove as a bonus action if you have free hand.

# 11. - Remarkable Technique

You have martial training that allows you to perform special combat techniques called gambits:
• You learn one gambit of your choice from the Tactician subclass. The Gambit DC of these gambits is 8 + proficiency bonus + Strength or Dexterity modifier, whichever is higher.
• You gain 1 Gambit Die. The die is a d6 and it doesn't increase in size if you are not a Tactician. This die is used to fuel your gambits. It is expended when you use it, and is regained when you finish a short or long rest.

# 12. - Rope it Up

Your thrown strikes get +1 to attack and damage rolls, you increase both it's long and short range by 10 feet and it returns to your hand immediately after it is used to make a thrown attack.

# 13. - Shield Expert

You have trained in the use of a shield as a weapon. It becomes a melee weapon that you are proficient with that deals 1d4 bludgeoning damage. You gain advantage on shove attempts while wielding a shield.

# 14. - Torchbearer

You are skilled in the use of a torch in battle. Once per turn, as a bonus action, you may elect to use a light source you have equipped to attempt to set an enemy you can touch on fire. Your target must succeed on a Dexterity saving throw (DC 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Dexterity modifier) or take 1d4 fire damage per turn for 3 turns or until extinguished.

# 15. - Warden

When a creature you can see hits a target, other than you, within 5 feet of you with an attack, you can use your reaction to reduce the damage the target takes by 1d10 + your proficiency bonus. You must wield a shield or a simple or martial weapon to use this reaction.
